Nice move. If this goes on,
On the day when the old man was buried,
We can hold 31% of the shares.
Jiang family, we have the final say.
I didn’t expect that my self-proclaimed second brother would be willing to cooperate with me one day.
First, without my consent.
Does Xiao Jianshan dare to cooperate with you more than me?
Jiang’s shares currently circulating in the market,
I have not used Xiao Jianshan's name seriously enough.
At the same time, the shares held by the old man and Jiang Mian,
Dudley has always been a company man,
And Dudley's guy just happens to be my sobriety.
I've already given the order
It would be good to let them quietly release these shares.
Consistent with the message I received
until the day the heir is announced
I promise
The shares held by the old man and Jiang Mian
More than five percent by then
It's up to you to decide the Jiang family.
Without the help of my second brother
We can't do this alone
It's just that I don't understand
Second brother, why do you want to help me?
I'm not helping you
I'm helping the Jiang family
I'm not fit to be the heir
And Jiang Mian is not in good health
If she inherits
I'm afraid that the Jiang family will be a lot more vicious.
So except you
We have no choice but to rest assured
We, mother and son, are both grateful people.
I will repay you well in the future
Another fun show to watch
What are you doing pretending to be fake?
Didn’t I ask you to keep an eye on me?
What should I do if Jiang Min and the others see it again?
They don't care about this
Just go down and take a look
Jiang Min and his wife started fighting.
Going through a divorce or something